If you wait for him to come, I'll be rude to you
Let me go! Do you dare to push me?
I'll kill you.
Wow, you're playing mahjong?
Oh, my God.
Linfu, how dare you hit your mother?
What the hell are you?
Parents and wives have long said that children who are not supported are unreliable
Believe it now
What to say
You talk to him?
Things have come to this point
What else can't be said?
You heard it right when the thief let it go.
You are here for your parents
You won't be that kind at all
So I told you.
How could someone treat their own son like this?
Beating and scolding me since I was a child
When I was in junior high school, I stopped sending me to school
I can only read while working
And I'm obviously the only men's room in the house
One asked me to be a door-to-door son-in-law
Look at other people's faces
I got angry at home and told you
You say I'm not sensible
Occupy my house and don't give it to me
I don't think I can live there.
If you want to sell it, you can't sell it.
original
It's all because I'm not biological
Lin Feng's parents have nurtured you
This house is a debt payment
You gave us the house
Then you don't owe each other with your parents